Thanks to web.archive.org I found old news entries that I have made about
GameSrv over the years.  I also found this brief history I'd prepared in
May of 2006:

    GameSrv is a project I started several years ago. It started as an un-named 
	program I was going to use to allow Telnet access to my Legend Of the Red 
	Dragon game without the need for running a BBS (similar to how TradeWars had 
	a telnet server that only worked for TradeWars). But then it was suggested 
	that it could and should support any door game, so I started re-writing 
	things and the un-named LORD only server never saw the light of day.

    So I started working on the first (of many) re-writes. This version was 
	separated into two portions, TelSrv was what I called the telnet server, and 
	GameSrv is what I called the "user interface". TelSrv was designed for 
	multiple uses. Of course the primary use was to be a front-end for GameSrv, 
	but it could also be used as a front-end for other DOS or Win32 BBS software.
	And GameSrv was a very basic user management and door launching system. It 
	basically allowed users to log in (or create an account if they were a new 
	user), and then run door games.
    At the time my website was being hosted by someone else at no charge to 
	myself, so as a thank-you I began selling source code to this version of 
	TelSrv+GameSrv and the proceeds went to his PayPal account. One copy was 
	sold to a University of Waterloo student (I'll always wonder if my work was 
	used in a class assignment) and two others were sold to #bbs regulars 
	(irc.thebbs.org). So if one of the 3 people released the code, you may just 
	find it out there on the internet somewhere.

	[ED: One of the buyers released the source to a 3rd party, who then put it
	 up on SourceForge with his name in place of mine.  I wasn't too happy when
	 I found out, which soured me on open sourcing for quite some time.  It
	 probably was just a stupid mistake on that guys part to start by replacing
	 his name with mine instead of, you know, actually making changes and/or
	 improvements, but whatever.  Just had a look and it looks like the project
	 still exists on SourceForge, although the source has long been removed. ]

    While this version was available to the public, I was working on a new 
	version that combined TelSrv and GameSrv into one single program that I was 
	calling just GameSrv. This version eventually replaced the TelSrv+GameSrv 
	combo as the preferred version, and is currently the only version available 
	to the public, but unfortunately I had a hard drive crash during development 
	and lost the source code to both the old TelSrv+GameSrv and new GameSrv 
	versions, so development stopped at this point.

    At this point I'd started taking C/C++ classes in college, so the next 
	GameSrv rewrite was done in Borland C++ Builder (previously it had been 
	Delphi or Pascal). Even though time was limited because of school work, I 
	made a lot of progress on this version. In July of 2004 I started releasing 
	alpha versions of this incarnation of GameSrv, but around this time I 
	realized a couple things:

        I don't really like C++
        I planned on open sourcing GameSrv, and not a lot of people had Borland 
		C++ Builder
        I really don't like C++

    So this project was "put down" in August of 2004.

    So that brings us to the currently in development version. The end of 2004 
	was a busy time for me (final semester of college), so it wasn't until early 
	2005 that I actually started on this version. But by May of 2005 I had a lot 
	of it complete, and was almost ready to start releasing alpha versions for 
	testing. Unfortunately, the day job kept me busy, and by the time I got home,
	I just didn't feel like doing more programming. So the little bit I needed 
	to get done to release an alpha kept getting ignored.

    So that brings us to today, May 10 2006, almost a year after my last news 
	entry on www.randm.ca. As you could probably guess, I pretty much lost 
	interest in developing GameSrv over the past year. But recently I've gotten 
	back into the code. I had a look at my webpage statistics, and I saw that 
	even with now news for 1 year and no release for 2 years, I am still getting 
	a lot of GameSrv downloads. And when checking referers to my site, I'm 
	seeing a lot of forum posts talking about GameSrv. It was then I realized 
	there were still interested people, and I was letting them all down.

    So I'm through making and breaking release date promises. I can't say or 
	even guess when the next version of GameSrv will be out, I can only say I'm 
	working on it again. And to avoid 1 year gaps in development, I'm making a 
	new kind of promise:

        I will try to work on GameSrv at a minimum of once per week. And I will 
		work on GameSrv at least once per month. If I don't meet the once per 
		month requirement without good reason (I'm moving in June, so things 
		will be busy here for awhile), I will release whatever source code I 
		have under an open source license.

    So there you have it, a brief history to GameSrv.  
	
Here's all the news entries that I found:

Jan 5, 2002

Finally released a public version of MannTelSrv today. Its been tested with 
EleBBS, Maximus, Mystic, Shotgun, and my own game server (which should hopefully
be released soon). Support for DOS BBS packages was achieved using NetFoss. 

[ED: Jan 5, 2002 marked the release of the first iteration of GameSrv, which
 at the time was named MannTelSrv and only acted as a front-end for DOS/Win32
 BBS packages (there was no door server for a couple weeks) ]

Feb 15, 2002

Uploaded MannTelSrv v3.00 today. Visually, very little has changed. You may 
notice it no longer shows the IP of the incoming connections and instead shows 
the current status. That is a work-in-progress and will be more useful soon I 
hope.

But anyway, you may not see much of a change, but 95% of the underlying code 
was rewritten. Version 2.00 was prone to crashing and nodes not disappearing 
from the Connections window after they were closed. This new version seems very 
stable. I stress tested by connecting 255 clients to it (yes, simultaneously) 
and although it slowed my system to a crawl for a couple minutes, the telnet 
server kept on going. 

Feb 28, 2002

Uploaded MannTelSrv v3.12 today. It now accepts Windows messages to update the 
node status display. At this time only MannBBS takes advantage of that, and 
that's about all I expect ever to. But it's cool nonetheless :)

Apr 25, 2002

The software's formerly known as MannTelSrv v4.00 and MannBBS v2.01 were also 
uploaded today. They are now known as TelSrv and GameSrv and are distributed 
together under the TelSrv name. 

May 8, 2002

Uploaded TelSrv and GameSrv v4.10 today. This release finally adds internal 
configuration for GameSrv as well as NetFoss support for TelSrv. It is also an 
all-in-one package which should help minimize confusion with how to install and 
configure NetFoss. 

Apr 6, 2003

There were a couple last minute bugs I had to work out, but GameSrv v3.04.06 has 
now been released. Sorry about the lack of an upgrade path, you're going to have 
to start from square 1 if you are currently a TelSrv user.

[ED: Apr 6, 2003 marked the release of the second iteration of GameSrv, which
 combined the previously separate telnet server (TelSrv) and door server
 (GameSrv) into a single EXE (GameSrv) ]

Apr 27, 2003

GameSrv v3.04.27 has also been released. GameSrv itself didn't undergo any 
changes, but mSyncFos was modified quite a bit with two major additions. The 
first was to add file transfer support. It was actually there in the previous 
versions, it was just broken. The second addition is support for running DOS 
based FOSSIL doors under Win9x. Now you don't have to be running NT to use 
GameSrv with old games!

Aug 1, 2003

GameSrv v3.08.01 was just released. This version implements a major feature many 
people have been asking for lately, support for RLogin connections.

The GUI is going to be completely redesigned for the next release, so I didnt 
bother adding the ability to change the "secure host" setting. Read the included 
documentation to learn how to manually set it by editing the SETUP.INI file. 

Oct 14, 2003

Finally, a new BETA of GameSrv has been released. I wouldn't recommend replacing 
your current setup with it just yet, but please try it out and send any feedback 
you have my way.

Jun 24, 2004

Just uploaded the webpage for the GameSrv ALPHA. Later tonight after I've thrown 
together a small amount of documentation I'll upload the RAR archive and 
activate the download link.

[ED: Jun 24, 2004 marked the release of the third iteration of GameSrv, which
 came about due to a HD crash where I lost the source code to ALL my programs.
 I was taking C/C++ in college, so decided to try using Borland C++ Builder
 instead of the usual Borland Delphi, which turned out to be a bad idea (Delphi
 was so much better to work with) ]

Jul 11, 2004

Just uploaded a new ALPHA 2 version of GameSrv. This version is a little bit 
more functional than the last, with the most important addition being the user 
stuff. Now doors will see users as unique people, unlike in ALPHA 1 where it saw 
them all as the same person.

Jul 20, 2004

Just uploaded a new ALPHA 3 version of GameSrv. This version has a couple new 
commands available, but the main reason for the release is an important bugfix 
that fixes possible cpu/memory hogging.

Mar 19, 2005

In other news, I'm working on GameSrv again (yay!). The bad news is, I'm 
starting from scratch (again!). It's not because I've lost the source, which is 
the usual reason, but because I've decided I really don't like Borland C++ 
Builder very much afterall. So the new version is back in Borland Delphi, and 
it's looking great. I found some nice tutorials on building hybrid Normal + 
Interactive Service applications, so it'll run normally on Win9x systems, and as 
a system service on NT* systems (as any good server should).

[ED: Mar 19, 2005 marked the beginning of the fourth iteration of GameSrv, which
 was necessary due to my growing dislike for Borland C++ Builder.  It actually
 took another 1.5 years before I actually got a release out the door...it was
 getting pretty obvious that I was losing interest in GameSrv by now ]

Sep 23, 2006

Holy Shit indeed. Yes, after many, many, many, many, many, MANY years, I've 
finally released a new version of GameSrv. [ED: It was ONLY just over two
years, hardly deserving of so many "many"s!]

Before you get too excited, don't be. This is an early pre-release version just 
meant to get your feedback on what works and what doesn't (a lot of the features 
aren't implemented, so I already know some of the stuff isn't.)

Along with the GameSrv release, I've made available 3 classic Seth Able / 
Michael Preslar / GamePort door games specifically packaged for GameSrv. They 
come preconfigured for use on 5 nodes, so all you have to do is run the .gsdoor 
archive through the GSDoor installer, and you'll be ready to go without really 
needing to know how to configure the door games. Basically this saves you the 
headache of RTFMing, and me the headache of you asking me questions that would 
have been answered by RTFMing!

On a side note, I plan on adding multi-language support to GameSrv, so if anyone 
wants to translate the strings found in the database, please let me know. There 
aren't a lot there, and I may just try passing them through Google's translator, 
but who knows how well that will work!

Anyway, head on over to www.GameSrv.ca for the downloads.

September 29 2006

I've updated GameSrv to v6.09.29 to fix a problem with the GSDoor installer. So 
if you had problems getting one of the 3 below games working, give it another 
try.

June 16, 2007

OK, so it took a little longer than I planned, but I've just uploaded a new 
pre-release version of GameSrv. This one is mostly feature complete (it even has
configuration screens!), but there hasn't been a lot of testing put into it.
So if you're feeling adventurous, please give it a try and let me know if you 
run into any problems. If you've been running a previous pre-release version, 
please let me know how the upgrade process goes (don't forget to back up your 
existing GameSrv directory first though!

March 13, 2008

Somebody just brought to my attention the fact that I broke the promise I made 
awhile ago. The promise was that I would try to work on GameSrv on a weekly 
basis, and if I failed to work on it for a 30 day period, I would release the 
source.
Well, I didn't technically break the promise, as I have been working on GameSrv 
here and there, but I definitely broke the spirit of the promise, which was to 
get more work done in a shorter period of time, and make quicker releases.
So I've decided to go ahead and put the GameSrv source online at SourceForge 
under the GPLv3 license. It may take me a few days (likely it will happen on the 
weekend) as I have no experience with CVS, so will have to look into that a bit 
before I can actually make the source available.
I just wanted to give you a heads up though, so look here for the source to 
GameSrv in the near future!
UPDATE: Well, that wasn't so tough after-all, so the source is online already!

May 18, 2008

GameSrv v8.05.18 was just released today. As usual, not a whole lot of testing 
went into it before releasing it, so PLEASE make sure you backup your GameSrv 
directory before upgrading. Of special need of testing is the "Run as NT 
Service" option, so if you choose to try that option, please let me know your 
expeciences, whether they be good or bad.

June 3, 2008

GameSrv v8.06.03 was just released today. A little more testing went into this 
release than the last, but not much more, so PLEASE make sure you backup your 
GameSrv directory before upgrading. This release adds a few new options, but the 
biggest changes are some show-stopping "Run as NT Service" bugfixes, so please 
continue to test that mode of operation to help find more!

June 7, 2008

GameSrv v8.06.07 was just released today. No new features here, just a bugfix 
for those who upgraded from v7.06.15 to v8.05.18 and then to v8.06.03 (the 
database didn't get upgraded properly, so you would have receved an error from 
LoadConfigTbl() failing to run at startup).

April 2, 2010

GameSrv v10.04.02 was just released today. This is a minor bugfix to the 
previous version, which just fixes a few problems related to email verification.

[ED: Apr 2, 2010 marked the end of the fourth iteration of GameSrv.  Although
 that's just a technicality.  In reality GameSrv #4 ceased development in 2008,
 and the 2010 release was just to fix a minor bug. ]

January 12, 2012

This marks the beginning of the fifth, and likely last iteration of GameSrv.
I'd been working on a rewrite of GameSrv in C# off and on for several years,
and finally got around to making a release in 2012.  

For the continuing history of GameSrv, see the CHANGELOG.TXT file.